hot you kind of like God that you're
into my food kind of like hot chillin
with a shorty boo kind of like hot so if
you're looking for me you can find me on
top you're addicted to me me kind of
like Roxy saying Zuko you kind of like
stop keep it warm at night kind of like
socks a my mistress got a twisted kind
of like locks a blowjob tight kind of
like God's lyrics Oh fishes be kind of
like knocks yeah album hit stores you
kind of like flop that when my minutes
get dropped you kind of got dropped
brother ND you on this Mike I am never
could talk in the physical back to life
like his biblical like a criminal
instrumentals I kill them all if I
pressure but then I take it back
yo I'm kind of like COD kind of like fly
you kind of like nice kind of like nine
feet three haters kind of like an MRI go
straight to the point kind of like the
letter I be something I'm not I'm I
never ever try put truth on record I'm I
never tell a lie gonna be a star I
forever gone rise put my soul and my
music I forever stay alive that's why
I'm up in the kitchen no mins cooking up
this written spread of God that you
listen giving you my soul get my own
when I'm spitting if it wasn't for the
love I be done with this business but
I'm out on a mission I hope you shoot
the vision then maybe one day I'll be up
on your television because i'm kind of
like
you